Clarify include/exclude parameter input format in readme (#2099)
dotnet/format: README.md

#### Common options for all commands
- `--no-restore`: Doesn't execute an implicit restore before formatting.
- `--include-generated`: Format files generated by the SDK

> - `--include`:  A space-separated list of relative file or folder paths to include in formatting. All files are formatted if empty. (e.g. `--include **/*.abc **/*.xyz`)
> - `--exclude`: A space-separated list of relative file or folder paths to exclude from formatting. (e.g. `--exclude **/*.abc **/*.xyz`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--include`:  A space-separated list of relative file or folder paths to include in formatting. All files are formatted if empty. (e.g. `--include path/to/file.cs path/to/folder folder2/*.vb`)
- `--exclude`: A space-separated list of relative file or folder paths to exclude from formatting. (e.g. `--exclude path/to/file.cs path/to/folder folder2/*.vb` )
```

It feels like using the "real world" file extensions in the inline examples will help make things clear.

Author: Agreed, thanks!
